docs: improve slashing section (#151)
Layr-Labs/hello-world-avs: README.md

### Slashing

> [!WARNING]

> > This example does not use the new `operatorSets` workflow. Please refer to [ELIP-002](https://github.com/eigenfoundation/ELIPs/blob/main/ELIPs/ELIP-002.md) for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This example does not use the new operator-sets workflow. Please refer to [ELIP-002](https://github.com/eigenfoundation/ELIPs/blob/main/ELIPs/ELIP-002.md) for more details. 
```

> > For an example of the new workflow, check out [incredible-squaring-go](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs) or [incredible-squaring-rust](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs-rs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For an example of the new workflow, check out the Incredible Squaring examples ([Go version here](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs), [Rust version here](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs-rs)).
```
